Zhou Lao, why are you here?
Ouch, old you Zhou
Hello, how are you?
We're here to propose marriage to the police brother
I want to marry this useless mother too, stop talking
Didn't you see that everyone else came to grab the kiss?
Miss Shen, I have already told you
Brother Jingchen, he is mine
Miss Zhou, do you know what this is?
Represents the enduring heart of the ocean
How can you have
Jingchen gave it to me.
The person he likes is me
I hope you can leave by yourself.
So we're all decent
Brother Jingchen
The person you want to marry is me, right?
The person I want to marry
That's him!
No, you can only marry me.
Oops daughter
If he wants to marry him, just let him have it
Xu family wealth
It will definitely compensate our mom.
What kind of compensation can compare to Jinchen?
Do you want to rebel?
As long as you are willing to give me Brother Jincheng
Our Zhou family is willing to pay 500 billion for the order.
500 billion. 500 billion.
Is what you said true?
We always keep our word
Oh, Mr. Zhou!
If you place this 500 billion order
If you leave it to me
Think about it, is our Shen family in China?
Haha, it has also become a rich party
What Hua Guo
Obviously the world
Oops yes it's the world
Hahaha
He is now the son-in-law of the Zhou family
Why are you going up there?
Brother Jincheng is my Yueer